Why don't you send someone to find it?
Mr. Gu is really young and promising.
Then happy cooperation.
Mr. Gu, see you in the afternoon.
I have something to do, I'll go first
The contract will be arranged later.
You can take a break here, okay?
What is Mr. Task?
The guard himself said
Miss Lin went out to the toilet and disappeared
No one was seen in the ward
But everything is still in the ward
I don't look like a ZTO escape
Get ready to go back and take your medicine now
Where is this?
Brother Mu Chen, why are you here?
I miss you waking up
Are you hungry?
I'll go get you something to eat
I'm not hungry, wooden pillow brother
What the hell is going on?
miss
Do you still remember what happened last night?
Last night?
I remember.
A doctor came in and gave me medicine
Then I passed out
I'm here when I wake up
It's okay, I can't remember, it's okay
So what's going on?
Yes, it's Huang Yuxin
Now.